[wind howling]
[fire crackles]
[electricity crackles]
-[grunts, groans]
-[coughs]
-[groans]
-Rex?
[groans] Thanks.
We need to get moving
before their reinforcements get here.
[Hunter] Is there another way
off this spire?
[chuckles] There's always another way.
[coos, sniffs]
[strains, grunts]
[sighs]
Our leech vessel is docked
about ten levels down.
[Howzer] Doesn't have a hyperdrive though.
We won't get far.
[Rex] No,
but we can use it to contact Echo.
[strains, grunts]
[ships approaching]
[commander] These are clones.
They're not insurgents.
[clone commando] They are both.
I neutralized most of their rogue cell,
but the rest are trapped inside
with the target.
What squadron are you with?
That's classified.
Want to tell me why this spire is burning
when our primary objective
is to retrieve the target unharmed?
The girl is alive.
I'm now in charge of this operation.
You answer to me. Is that clear?
[sighs]
Hilo, set blasters to stun and move in.
[Hilo] We're moving in.
[device beeping]
[comm beeps]
[stormtrooper]
Commander, you need to see this.
They're escaping
through the middle of the spire.
We'll take team one and infiltrate
this rock from the platform below.
Set charges and seal this passage.
We'll pin them inside.
Team two,
hold your position and stay alert.
Sir, the operative has gone
after the target. Should I pursue?
Negative. Proceed with the plan.
Seal off that access point.
[stormtrooper on comm] Yes, sir.
Head inside and box them in.
[device beeps]
[Rex] The ship's docked
just down this corridor.
[Crosshair] Stop.
[Nemec] What is it?
They're coming.
I'll handle it.
[sighs]
[explosive beeps]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[ship powering up]
We need to go.
[Wrecker] We're waitin' on you.
[button clicks]
[engines powering up]
-[barks, pants]
-Get down. [grunts] Off!
Don't worry.
She only bites half of the time.
Great.
Prepare to launch.
[engines roaring]
[alarm blaring]
Remora-one, we've been compromised.
Heading to marker 025 for an extraction.
Repeat. Marker 025.
We're going down. Strap in!
Pinpoint the crash site.
-Yes, sir.
-[comm beeps]
[commander]
I said to use stun blasts only.
You've jeopardized this mission.
I prevented the target's escape.
By shooting down her ship?
Our orders are to retrieve the girl
alive and unharmed.
Their vessel crashed
in the upper jungle region.
Get the shuttles in the air.
This isn't over.
-[insects chirping]
-[fire crackling]
[clattering]
[Wrecker grunts]
-[barks, pants]
-Whoa!
You good?
Uh-huh.
Got your crossbow?
Yep.
Sure you can carry those supplies?
Yes.
Stay close.
It's easy to get lost in this terrain.
You're as bad as Hunter.
Oh, I'm much worse.
[Rex] Echo should meet us
at the extraction point.
We'll have to continue on foot.
[Hunter] How far?
[Nemec] Five klicks north.
[ships approaching]
We've got attack shuttles inbound.
[engines roaring in distance]
[Rex] This way.
[creatures warbling, chittering]
[Crosshair sighs] What?
[Howzer]
I've seen how you are with the kid.
Hmm? Your point?
Well… [sighs] …you're different
than you were on Ryloth.
So what changed?
Loyalty meant something to me.
But with the Empire,
it didn't go both ways.
I realized how disposable I was.
You're not the only one.
There's no sign of the insurgents.
Get back to the shuttle
and monitor comm channels.
They couldn't have gotten far.
[Hilo] We have a problem.
The operative's gone rogue.
I'll deal with him later.
[sniffing]
[sniffing continues]
[barks]
[Hunter] I hear it too.
[yaps]
[Rex] We have to knock through their line
to reach the extraction point.
We've got these.
[grenades beep, hum]
[yapping]
[Crosshair] Stick by my side,
and stay down.
-[grunting]
-[snarls]
[blasters firing]
[ship flying over]
[both scream]
[Hunter] How much further
to the landing zone?
-[Rex] Just ahead. Almost there.
-[Batcher snarls]
[Howzer] What is it?
-Nemec!
-[Crosshair] Get down.
[Batcher snarls]
Omega, smoke grenade.
We're out.
I'll draw his fire. Get to the rendezvous.
[Omega on comm] I don't like that idea.
Too bad.
Go now!
-[pants]
-[grunts]
[water crashing]
[both grunt]
[Crosshair grunts]
[shouts]
[sniffs, barks]
You had your chance to be one of us.
-[grunts, strains]
-You chose the wrong side.
[Crosshair grunts]
[grunts]
[gurgling]
[gasps, coughs]
[strains]
[coughing]
[sighs] Thanks. [huffs]
-[datapad beeps]
-This is the extraction marker.
-[ship approaching]
-[barks]
-[Wrecker] That's not Echo.
[commander] Drop your blasters. Now!
Wolffe?
Rex?
I-- [exhales sharply]
I thought you were dead.
Reports said you were killed in action.
That you went down
aboard an attack cruiser.
Oh, I did.
I lost a lot of good men that day.
And today.
What are you doing here, Rex?
Don't tell me you're fighting against us.
No. Not against you.
Against the Empire.
They're imprisoning and experimenting on
our brothers, killed others.
The Empire wouldn't do that to us.
She has seen it.
It's true.
That's what's happening on Tantiss.
We have to stop them.
You can help us.
You can stand with us.
I am a soldier of the Empire.
I have my orders.
Hand the girl over, and I'll make sure
you're given a fair trial.
[snarls]
Think about what you're doing, Wolffe.
I know you've been trained
not to question orders,
but open your eyes.
You're hunting a child.
I know that's not who you are.
As your brother,
I'm asking you to do the right thing.
[sighs]
[datapad beeping]
[ship approaching]
Sir, there's an unmarked vessel inbound.
[engines roaring]
Commander?
Stand down.
[engines powering up]
Recover their fallen, then we move out.
But, sir, they're traitors.
Perhaps.
But they're clones.
We owe them that.
[strains]
[coughs]
[pants]
I'm sorry about your men.
Thanks.
You know,
I thought that the end of the war
would mean an end
to losing more of our brothers.
But I was wrong.
Rex, you can't win this fight.
The Empire is too strong.
I can't just walk away. Not now.
And neither can you.
Not with the Empire being after the kid.
We'll protect her.
I heard what Omega said about her escape.
I think she's vital to whatever
they're doing on Tantiss.
And if you want to keep her safe,
you need to find out
why she's so important to them.